feat: rules refactoring / add separate arazzo rule-set (#1800)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/purple-lobsters-stare.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
"@redocly/cli": patch
---

> Updated sourceDescriptions to require a valid type, to align with the Arazzo specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `sourceDescriptions` to enforce a valid type field, ensuring compliance with the Arazzo specification.
```
